Update changelog.txt (#2751)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.34.0
==========
### Bug Fixes:

> **MSAL now has WithCcsRoutingHint(...)** to enable developers to more easily provide the CCS Routing hint during authentication. See issue [2725](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2725)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MSAL now has `WithCcsRoutingHint()`** to enable developers to more easily provide the CCS routing hint during authentication. See issue [2725](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2725)
```

### New Features

> **MSAL can now extract elements contained in wwwAuthenticate headers** to enable customers to more easily handle Continuous Access Evaluation and Conditional Access authentication context scenarios. See issue [#2679](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2679)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MSAL can now extract elements contained in WWW-Authenticate headers** to enable customers to more easily handle Continuous Access Evaluation and Conditional Access authentication context scenarios. See issue [#2679](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2679)
```

Reviewer 2: I would suggest something like:
**MSAL.NET provides helper methods to extract the authentication parameters from the WWW-Authenticate headers**. This allows for dynamic scenarios such as claim challenge, Conditional Access Evaluation and Conditional Access authentication context scenarios. See https://aka.ms/msal-net/wwwAuthenticate and issue [#2679](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2679) for details.

> **WAM support is now GA in MSAL.NET.** WithExperimentalFeatures() is no longer required to authenticate with WAM. See https://aka.ms/msal-net-wam for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WAM support is now generally available in MSAL.NET.** `WithExperimentalFeatures()` is no longer required to authenticate with WAM. See https://aka.ms/msal-net-wam for more details
```

> **MSAL enables Cache eviction more easily by exposing SuggestedCacheExpiry** which helps determining the cache eviction time. See issue [#2486](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2486)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MSAL enables easier cache eviction by exposing `SuggestedCacheExpiry`** which helps determining the cache eviction time. See issue [#2486](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2486)
```

Reviewer 2: "determine" and maybe mention this is just for client_credentials

> **MSAL now adds runtime information to logs** enabling easier diagnosing of authenticaiton issues on all platforms. See issue [2559](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2559)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**MSAL now adds runtime information to logs** enabling easier diagnosing of authenticaition issues on all platforms. See issue [2559](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2559)
```
